Make conda-libmamba-solver the default solver (#12984)
conda/conda: docs/source/dev-guide/deep-dives/install.md

plus their dependencies. If that fails, then the full `repodata.json` is used. This happens _before_
the `Solver` is even invoked.

> The second trick is done within the legacy solver logic: an informed index reduction. In essence, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second trick is done within the classic solver logic (pycosat): an informed index reduction. In essence, the
```
